[Screen recording: VulnRap landing page loads]
The submission form accepts a vulnerability report title and description.
[User types a report title into the input field]
A detailed description of the vulnerability is entered, including reproduction steps.
[User clicks the Analyze button]
VulnRap scores the report across multiple dimensions: substance, linguistics, and CWE classification.
[Score breakdown panel appears showing AVRI composite score]
The AVRI composite score summarises overall report quality. Higher scores indicate clearer, more actionable reports.
[Triage recommendation badge appears]
A triage recommendation — Accept, Review, or Reject — is surfaced alongside the score breakdown.
[Redaction panel expands]
Sensitive tokens are automatically detected and replaced with [REDACTED] before the report is stored or shared.
[Report comparison view opens with two side-by-side panels]
Two reports can be compared side by side to evaluate relative quality and completeness.
[Screen returns to the landing page]
VulnRap — automated vulnerability report triage.